# Port-Management-System
We have made a Port Management System as our project. We believe that it works really well as an interface for the owner as well as the clients. 

At the beginning, it will just show an interface displaying the title, ie, PORT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM. After that, it will display the details of the team members who worked on this project. Then, it will ask whether the person who wants to access the Port Management System is the owner or a client. You will need to enter ‘o’ or ‘O’ for owner controls and ‘c’ or ‘C’ for client controls. If you enter any letter other than these, ie, if you make a failed attempt then you will lose 1 out of the total 3 chances that you get. After 3 incorrect answers, the system will close down and you will need to start it up again. 

Now, if you entered the correct choice, it will ask you for your username and password which are different for the owner and clients. Again, you will get 3 chances to answer correctly. The owner controls give you 4 main options : Show, Update, Add and Delete. If you choose show, you will then be given 2 more options: Show details of the loaded ships in a clientwise format or show the number of unloaded ships you currently have. For update, it will ask you the ship id you want to update and will then ask you which of the ship attributes(Arrival Date, Departure Date, Crew Number, Dock Name, Route, Cargo) you want to change. For add, it will ask you whether you want to add an unloaded ship(just the ship id) or add details for an existing unloaded ship. For delete, it will ask you the ship id and remove that ship from loaded ships and add it to the unloaded ships. These are all the controls for the owner. 

Now, when you get access to client controls, it will ask you for your client id. Then it will give you 3 options: Show all ship details, show a specific ship’s details or rent (a) ship(s). For show all ship details, it will show you the number of ships you have and all their details. For specific ship details, it will ask you the ship id and only show you that ship’s details. And for renting, it will show you the number of unloaded ships the owner has and ask you how many ships you want to rent. After you enter the number, it will show that the transaction is successful and will ask you to contact the owner for further details. This is how our Port Management system works and allows an easy way for the owner as well as the clients to check details of their ships and execute some other important processes. 
